everyone is Jay del coro here at the
aimless cook Happy New Year hope you're
having a great year so far and I hope
you had a fun and safe holiday today on
the aimless cook we're going to be
making a Japanese noodle bowl called
tsukimiya dong now tsuki mood means
moon-viewing and it's named that because
of the egg that we're going to add at
the end resembles the moon it's a really
easy soup base that we've done before
but I'm gonna show you with some new
ingredients how to put this together
it's really easy to do I'm going to show
you how to do it right now on the angles
cook
so let's start with our soup base by
combining in a small bowl 2 tablespoons
of brown sugar with three tablespoons
each of soy sauce and mirin now we're
going to take 2/3 of that mixture and
put it into a saucepan where we're just
going to heat it up and simmer it until
everything is dissolved and combined
finally to that soy mixture we're going
to add two and a half cups of dashi now
we're just going to mix that together
again bring it to a simmer and then
let's move on over here on the cutting
board I got a bunch of nice fresh oyster
mushrooms and what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to cut the bottom off of
this so I can hand shed them to
manageable pieces and then I'm going to
add them to a frying pan with some
butter 2 tablespoons of butter on high
heat and saute them for a few minutes
until they're fragrant and golden brown
now to that I'm going to add the
remaining soy mixture from the bowl from
earlier I'm going to continue cooking
until that mixture thickens when that
thickens up I'm just going to take them
off the heat and set aside
in another large pot at a rolling boil
here I got some udon noodles and I'm
just going to cook them according to the
directions until they are done it
usually takes about three or four
minutes now I got some lemons and what
I'm going to do here is I'm just going
to lightly and very carefully shave the
zest I need a piece about as big as a
fingernail and I'm going to use one
piece in each serving to add a little
more depth to the flavor you're going to
notice it and trust me now before I
assemble I'm just going to add about six
snow peas to my simmering broth I'm just
gonna briefly cook it for about 60
seconds to assemble I'm going to start
by putting a piece of lemon zest from
the bottom of each bowl followed by the
strained Bhutan noodles I'm going to
follow that with some soup stock and
then top with the snow peas mushroom and
then finally the egg now you can use a
raw egg or in this case I use some onsen
tamago now if you want the recipe for
onsen tamago you can click on the link
in the video description below
finally we're going to garnish with a
sprinkle of Buddha Kaka and then serve
so that is it that's my recipe for
zucchini food on hope you take this
recipe make it yours and have fun in the
kitchen which brings me to my question
of the day how do you eat your noodles
you slurp them really loud or you try to
eat them quietly let me know in the
comments down below and we'll see you
next time